NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
ERIN: Hey, baby-- You shot me.
Jesus, I'm sorry.
CHIBS:
I'm sorry.
Do you know a Miss Erin Byrne?
Yeah, she works here.
She's one of our escorts.
ROOSEVELT:
She was found dead last night.
Warrant for your vehicle,
Padilla.
ROOSEVELT:
Caller who spotted
the body said
they saw a pickup truck
drive away from the scene.
DNA from Padilla's truck.
Go find them.
TYNE:
My special investigator
believed
Miss Byrne could tie the Byzlats
and the Sons of Anarchy
to the gun that was used
in the Count of Aquino shooting.
We need to find a bad guy,
lieutenant.
Someone, some crew has got
to take the blame for the murder
of these four children.
How's Bobby?
I got a feeling he's gonna
patch out of Redwood.
GEMMA:
Nomads folded.
JUICE:
All you need is four members
that don't have a home anymore.
I'm pregnant.
Oh, my God, that's wonderful.
How's Jax with it?
I just found out.
I'll tell him tonight.
LOWEN:
Are you certain about Wendy?
No, I am certain
about the alternative.
Oh. Sorry. Uh--
Do you need my help?
If I said yes?
Then I'd say I'm gonna need
to know all the facts.
Let's bring Connor
into the Wahewa.
Get him to connect us
to the Kings.
I got no choice, Galen.
I gotta move us out of guns.
I'll take it back to the Kings.
Our history with the Sons
of Anarchy has come to an end.
What delivery?
Beer. Gemma must've ordered it.
GALEN:
He gets what he wants.
Out of guns.
Everyone out!
MAN: Go.
GALEN:
And ties severed.
[MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[♪♪♪]
I did this.
We're gonna fix this, brother.
You hear me?
Yeah.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
ROOSEVELT:
I know explosives
when I smell them.
I can't tell you who,
but I can tell you why.
I'm trying
to end a relationship.
Oh. Then she's
very pissed off.
Aye, she sure is.
ROOSEVELT:
Listen, fellas,
now, I know everyone
in this town
always looked the other way
at how the club earned.
MC, you guys,
kept it small and safe.
Unser, Clay, they made it work.
It's not working anymore.
Last couple of years,
everything that Samcro does,
it comes back to haunt them.
And everybody knows that now.
Do you think anybody
is gonna come here
to get their vehicle
worked on anymore?
That's my burden.
LT, Gemma Teller's
down at the station.
She's making a scene
about seeing Padilla.
And that's your burden.
I'm headed in.
Now, I know
that this was the IRA.
Is there something else
that I should know?
I'm trying to put an end
to this shit.
I'm trying to put us
on the right side of things,
but it's gonna take a minute.
I'm afraid your minute
might have ran out
in that classroom last week.
Look,
I know you're a good cop.
We've done a few rounds
together,
but I never tried to buy you
and I'm not asking you
to look the other way.
I'm trying to be straight
with you here.
If you press the club on this,
if you crawl up our ass
right now,
it's not gonna help
either one of us or this town.
I'm sorry that this happened.
We're gonna make sure
none of this shit
ever happens again.
[CHUCKLES]
I can tell you guys
really believe that.
I'm just not sure I do.
Good luck with my mom.
I just wanna go in
and make sure he's okay.
He's not allowed any visitors.
Come on. This is bullshit.
Look, you can talk
to his lawyer later.
GEMMA:
Idiots.
Gemma, come on.
Whoa. Hey. Wait a minute,
Gemma. Just hang on.
Gemma.
Gemma, enough.
EGLEE: Come on, Gemma.
Hey!
EGLEE: Stop it, stop it now.
Hey! Hey, hey.
EGLEE:
Okay, all right, all right!
How's it going?
Okay.
Just, uh, you know,
thought I'd come by
and say hi.
Hi.
What am I going to do
with you?
Sorry.
You okay?
I guess.
Haven't slept.
Anybody hurt over there?
No, no.
Freaked out,
but no one got hurt.
Shit.
That was a first
for me, mama.
[MIMICS EXPLOSION]
Goddamn.
Yeah, I know.
I don't want you
to go away, baby.
The state may have
other ideas about that.
I mean away from me.
I know you wanna get away
from the MC.
And after last night,
I'm sure you're feeling
the crush of that.
I wanna be with you, Nero.
I do.
But I need to be there
for my family.
Especially now.
I want to figure a way
to do both.
Just need some time.
You might have 20 to life.
Those charges are bullshit.
And they are gonna find a way
to prove that.
I hope so.
[DOOR OPENS]
Where's Tara?
With the boys, your old room.
We hear anything yet?
Well, talked to Belfast.
They're whole.
All the other charters too.
See if they're ready?
Aye.
Hey.
How's he doing?
I don't know.
He didn't sleep.
Wouldn't eat anything.
We're heading up to Chester.
Sitting down with the Northwest.
Letting them know
why this happened.
TARA:
Okay.
I'm gonna go to St. Thomas
and get an ultrasound.
There something wrong?
Enh.
I don't think so,
it's just a precaution.
Jesus.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
You got a long-distance call,
Jax.
JAX:
All right.
Hey, stay.
We're all here.
GALEN:
The council is prepared
to offer you terms
for your betrayal.
Our betrayal?
That's right.
A peaceful transition.
Or we do what we did yesterday
to every clubhouse
between here and San Bernardino.
What terms?
Clay will be handling
the distribution
of our guns
in Northern California.
How is none of your concern.
What is your concern is
facilitating that transition,
making sure all your buyers
are onboard.
And you won't be taking
a percentage.
You wanted out,
that includes profit as well.
Understood?
We'll have to take a vote.
I don't give a shit
about your democracy.
Are we understood?
Yeah.
Understood.
Glad to hear that, Jackson.
JAX:
Really? Because your plan
was to blow up our clubhouse
with a full table,
so forgive me
if I have a little trouble
believing you're glad
to hear anything from me.
MAN:
We regret being pushed
to such desperate measures.
Let's make sure
that never happens again.
JAX:
All of us here
can live with that.
I'm not sure everyone at
your table feels the same way.
We all want
the same thing, Jax.
No, we don't.
I'll cut Connor
and your other guys loose.
They're still alive?
Yeah.
I told you.
I didn't want a war.
Aye.
I'll move forward with Clay.
CHIBS:
I say we keep Connor
for a couple more days.
Make sure this peace shit
is real.
Is that what you all want?
TIG: Yeah.
Yeah.
At least a couple days.
JUICE: Makes sense.
JAX: Okay.
Tacoma's still at the barn.
Let's keep them there
till we get back.
Jax, Rogue River, Indian Hills,
Eureka, Moab, Tacoma,
all officers are confirmed.
All right. Let's go.
Have a nice day. At home.
Eat me.
Police escort?
Don't ask.
How's Nero?
Not very hopeful.
I'm sorry.
I know, baby.
You guys headed north?
Yeah.
I need Clay to know
what happened.
I want him to take
that Irish deal.
Another conjugal?
No, you don't need privacy
for this message.
Just a simple, "Move forward."
Okay.
Come here.
[CRYING]
I'm here.
I'll go see Clay.
Uh, you let me know
if there's anything else
I can do.
Just keep an eye on Tara.
Make sure she's not alone.
Of course.
Give me your hand.
Where you heading?
St. Thomas.
I'm gonna put the boys
in daycare
and work with Lowen
on the trial.
Okay.
How's that looking?
Not so good.
Sorry.
GEMMA:
You and Unser
seem to be bonding.
TARA:
Yeah.
ABEL:
Wayne.
UNSER: Morning.
ABEL: Hi.
Hey. Whoa. Hey, hey, easy.
Ugh. Whoa.
ABEL: I missed you.
Bye.
Ow. I got me
a little Nazi owie here.
Come on,
let's get in the truck.
ABEL:
I can drive?
[OFFICERS SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
What the hell happened
last night?
Residue tests will be back
in a couple of days,
but it had to be a bomb.
Plastics most likely.
Anybody talking?
Teller indicated it was about
ending a relationship.
My guess, he pissed off
his supplier.
IRA?
Well, they love
to blow shit up.
Padilla was processed.
He's with his lawyer.
Come here.
[SIGHS]
Okay.
You're not gonna wanna
hear this.
Then don't say it.
I know the DNA was a match,
but I don't like Padilla
for the murder.
It's too neat.
I think he was set up.
Well, as much as
I appreciate a good hunch,
I'm gonna stick to the concrete,
scientific evidence for now.
[SIGHS]
I need to make some calls.
Okay.
Oh. Uh...
Do you wanna--?
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye, guys, see you later.
Bye-bye.
[SIGHS]
You doing okay,
sweetheart?
I guess.
It's just surreal to me,
Wayne.
I don't know
what's more frightening,
the violence getting worse
or my ability to simply
take it in stride.
I see how living this way
can make you...
Gemma?
You give any more thought
to my offer?
Yeah.
I might need your help.
I can't tell you everything.
So why not start with
what you can?
If I have to go to jail,
I am not letting my boys
stay in Charming.
Jax is their dad.
I'm filing for divorce.
Asking for full custody.
Who gets the boys
if you go inside?
Hey.
I heard about the explosion.
The boys are fine.
I'm so sorry I didn't call you.
Oh, shit. What happened?
What do you think?
Was everyone else okay? Gemma?
She's fine.
You should check up on her.
Build the trust.
Yeah. Okay.
This is exactly
why we need to stay on task.
If I go away, I need you
to take those boys out of here
before something else blows up.
Okay.
Wayne knows.
He's here to help us.
Yeah.
All right.
Abel's in daycare.
I told him his friend Wendy was
coming back to play with him.
He was very excited.
Yeah?
Okay. Thanks.
You're, uh...
You're spinning a lot
of plates, sweetheart.
Yeah.
[SIREN WAILING]
Shit.
Hey, pull over.
[SIREN STOPS]
MAN: We're all clean?
Rat's got all the hardware.
Welcome to paradise, boys.
Had a little trouble
catching up to you.
You know, the speed limit's
55 on our road here.
Yeah, sorry about that,
I guess we were just
enjoying the scenery.
Where you headed?
CHIBS: To Chester.
TOFER: From where?
San Joa. Charming.
I don't know
what the laws are in Charming,
but here in Eden
wearing those gang colors,
that's illegal.
We're not a gang,
we're a club.
TOFER:
Rotary, Knights of Columbus,
4-H.
Those are clubs.
Rockers and reapers suggest
something else.
Officer,
we didn't mean any disrespect.
We know you got
a beautiful place.
Yes, we do. And we intend
to keep it that way.
Let's see some ID.
PLYMPTON:
We had a big robbery last week.
Bikes stolen off a truck
headed for a Butte County
Harley dealer.
A few Dynas,
half a dozen baggers.
None of these bikes are new.
Or stolen.
No, looks like you got some
recent modifications though.
Yeah, we own a garage,
do the work ourselves.
PLYMPTON:
Good for you.
Tell you what,
I'm gonna do you a solid, okay?
I'm gonna have the bikes
picked up,
run serials for anything
aftermarket.
Make sure no one
sold you any stolen parts.
Look, you made your point, man.
We won't come through
Eden again.
We got a family thing
we really need to get to.
I feel you, pres. I do.
But I got a job to do.
And what job is that?
That some kind of
tribal shit?
You supposed to be
a warrior, son?
No.
I'm just a guy who knows
a coward when I see one.
Okay, look. I'm sorry.
We're all just
a little road weary.
We didn't mean no disrespect.
Dispatch wants us
at Exit 126. CHP request.
Oh, okay.
You call Pagone?
Yeah.
Flatbed's on the way.
TIG: Oh, really?
Really? Come on.
Write us up for speeding,
get your quota.
PLYMPTON:
Eden doesn't have quotas.
You fellas, uh, you're all
about the brotherhood, right?
Loyalty, that kind of shit?
Good.
What, are you serious?
Hey, don't be stupid.
PLYMPTON:
That's right.
JAX:
Everything's cool, man.
All right.
My partner and I,
we gotta head out.
You boys sit here and wait for
impound and backup to arrive.
This right here,
that's where you can
pick up your bikes.
TOFER:
Yeah, if there's anything left.
We know you wouldn't desert
a brother, would you?
[GRUNTS]
JAX: Juice!
Hey, hey, hey.
JAX: Knock it off!
CHIBS: Enough, Juice, enough.
JAX:
Juice!
CHIBS: Jesus Christ.
JAX: Stop.
Happy?
Okay, you better think
twice about this move.
Assaulting a cop
gets you killed in this town.
And we know who you are.
And we know a scam
when we see one.
TIG:
That's right, we do.
I've seen Smokey and the Bandit
a thousand times.
Love that movie.
You scumbags are done.
You won't make it out--
JAX: Juice!
Enough. Enough.
[SIREN IN DISTANCE]
JAX: Let's go.
We should go now.
TIG: Come on. Juice. Come on.
Yeah.
JAX:
Come on.
Come on, good buddy, let's go.
[PEARL JAM'S "MIND YOUR MANNERS"
PLAYING]
[SIREN WAILING]
♪ I've got
An unfortunate feeling ♪
♪ I've been beaten down ♪
♪ I feel I don't believe ♪
♪ And now the truth
Is coming out ♪
PLYMPTON:
All right, go, go, go!
♪ They've taken
Your innocence ♪
♪ And then they throw them
On a burning fire ♪
[SIREN WAILING]
♪ All along they're saying ♪
♪ Mind your manners ♪
♪ I caught myself believing
That I needed God ♪
♪ And if it's out there
Somewhere ♪
♪ We sure could use him now ♪
JAX:
What the hell is he doing?
♪ My patience tried ♪
♪ This world's
A lonely living ♪
He's jamming us up.
Go around him.
♪ No longer saying ♪
♪ Mind your manners ♪
♪ It's all they're saying ♪
♪ Right around the corner ♪
Juice! Come on!
♪ Or we could something else ♪
Holy shit!
♪ Go to heaven
That's swell ♪
♪ How do you like it
Living in Hell? ♪
You all right?
MAN: Yeah, you?
MAN:
I'm good. I'm good.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Hell yeah, man.
Go, Juicy!
That boy ain't right!
Yeah!
[JUICE WHOOPING]
Talked to Barosky.
No APB. No POI call.
No one's looking for us.
HAPPY:
Which means they were dirty.
TIG:
Most of the stolen parts
come from Butte
and Plumas County, bro.
Guess the cops
feed the pipeline.
Pull over anything dirty
or dark.
So, what do you wanna do
about our friends in Eden?
Claim our property.
Good.
TIG:
I'll get a 20 on this chop shop.
CHIBS:
Great. Get on it, Tiggy.
Hey.
Good to see you, Jax.
You too, Jury.
That flash looks good
on your chest.
Just trying to live up to it,
you know?
JURY:
He asked to come.
I figured it made sense.
It's all good.
JURY: What's up, bro?
TIG: Been a long time, boss.
Good to see you, brother.
You too.
Glad you came.
Can you give me
some time afterwards?
I got something
I wanna talk to you about.
It's important.
Sure.
Good.
Who's this guy? Who's this guy?
Who's that?
[ALL LAUGHING]
Who is this guy?
TIG:
You never call, you never write.
CLAY:
You doing okay?
I know there's nothing
to do about it now,
but the shit those guards did
is not gonna go--
Irish blew up the clubhouse.
What?
They smuggled in C-4
in a beer delivery.
Jesus Christ.
Is everybody whole?
Yeah.
What do you want me to do?
Jax said to move forward
with the offer.
Needs you inside that circle.
Right.
That makes sense.
What else?
In county,
that marshal that was
pulling the strings,
you got any sense of him?
You know, just how far
he was willing to go?
What's it matter?
Otto killed him.
Nero was arrested on the murder
of one of his girls.
It was bullshit.
Evidence was planted.
He's thinking maybe Toric
set him up,
use him as leverage
against the club.
You think he was capable
of crossing that line?
You asking me to help
clear your boyfriend?
Considering I rode your cock
yesterday for that creep show.
Didn't say shit to Jax.
I'm thinking
maybe you owe me one.
Toric was completely warped.
He'd do anything
to hurt the MC.
I don't know if he was always
that unhinged
or losing his sister
pushed him there.
The shit he did to Otto,
beating him, raping him
like clockwork...
Threatened to do
the same thing to me.
What Otto did...
was to save me
as much as himself.
[LOCK BUZZES]
I wanna say thank you
for making the ride.
Means a lot to me
to have a full table.
I'm certain you have questions.
And doubts.
That's what this meeting
is for.
I know every charter
is independent.
You run them as you want.
But I also know
the things we do in Redwood,
especially here
in the Northwest,
impact your local relationships
and affect the way you earn.
Some of you knew my old man.
Some just knew his legacy.
It's no secret that
he was conflicted at the end.
Questioned every decision
he'd ever made.
About the club,
about his family.
That fear,
that doubt,
it ruined him.
Made him vulnerable.
I'm here to tell you
that I'm not following
that path.
The choices that I make
are not because I'm afraid
or because I have any doubts
about this club.
I watched my best friend
get his head caved in
to protect what we have here.
We've all watched brothers die
in the service of this club.
There's two things you can do
when that happens:
You can run from the pain,
bail...
or you can allow it
to burn into your heart.
To leave its mark.
A constant reminder of the love
that brought us all here.
Sons of Anarchy
is at a crossroads.
Our clubhouse blowing up
last night,
that's a sign of the times.
The end result
of a bloody relationship
with the IRA.
[LAUGHS]
It'd be easy for me
to sit here
and blame our mistakes
on my predecessor,
but that won't solve shit.
We don't need blame.
What we need, boys, is change.
I want us out of guns.
The RICO heat,
the competition,
the Irish blowback.
It's just not practical.
Between lawyers
and repairing the damage,
we barely earn a profit.
I'm gonna move Redwood into
more legitimate enterprises.
Diosa is doing great.
We're earning real money.
We're gonna open another house
in Stockton.
We're gonna reboot Caracara.
We just found a warehouse
down by the docks.
So I guess it's fair to say
that Samcro's future
is in pussy, not bullets.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
We've struck a deal
with the Irish.
One that keeps the peace.
But that transition means
we all take a hit.
Now, I know
everyone here has had a taste
of the gun business,
whether it's from protection,
storage or distribution.
It's gonna sting at first,
letting go of that cash,
but if we don't,
I'm telling you,
this club won't have a future.
We've had 20 members killed
in the last two years,
all of those deaths
tied to the gun business.
Outside of guns,
how you earn is up to you.
But if you would like,
my charter will do
everything it can
to help you move
in a legitimate direction,
a direction
that keeps us out of jail,
that keeps us whole
and that keeps us alive.
[ALL YELLING INDISTINCTLY]
Really? Are you kidding me?
I gotta talk to your boss.
MAN: Gemma, seriously, come on.
EGLEE: Hey, Gemma. Hey.
Get back to me as fast as
you can. I'll call you back.
Who are you?
My question also.
It's okay, you guys.
Gemma, what the hell
are you doing here?
Who's this?
ROOSEVELT:
District Attorney Patterson.
She's prosecuting Nero's case.
Gemma Teller Morrow.
Padilla's--
Old lady.
And Jax Teller's mother.
Didn't know there was
an old-lady connection too.
GEMMA:
Yeah, well, there's a lot
of shit you don't know.
You mind if I share?
Nero was set up.
That marshal, Toric.
He told Clay he would do
anything to hurt the club.
He was having Otto Delaney
raped every day
to punish him for what he did
to his sister.
And then he threatened
to do the same thing to Clay.
That's why Otto killed Toric.
Couldn't take it anymore.
That marshal was nuts.
Nero would never hurt
one of his girls.
He was with me
the entire night.
Next morning,
he went to church.
I know you wanna find
the devil
who put the gun
in that boy's hand.
It wasn't Nero.
Then who was it?
Toric was on your payroll.
If anybody finds out
that he set up Padilla,
that's gonna look like the call
of a desperate boss
pressing for leverage.
You might wanna get in front
of that.
TYNE:
Lieutenant.
Let's check his hotel.
Paid for the month up front.
Showed me his badge.
I didn't know he was killed.
Sorry to hear that.
We need to talk to anyone
who's cleaned the room.
He didn't want maid service.
He didn't want anyone
in his room.
Said he was working on a case
or something.
All right. Thanks.
Let me know when you're done.
Yeah.
You smell that?
Bleach.
Mm-hm.
Uh-huh.
Guns. Check the bags.
ROOSEVELT: Yup.
That's a guy expecting trouble.
Or looking to cause it.
Why don't you check out
the bathroom?
Spotless.
It's been showered with bleach.
Hmm.
ROOSEVELT:
Hey.
[DOOR OPENS]
Damn. Linoleum underneath.
These are definitely
bullet holes.
Shit.
Call CSU. Get them down here.
Found a bag of pharmaceuticals
and a set of works.
You know, that Toric
was a few kinds of sick.
Linoleum is porous,
we should be able to pull DNA.
Now, I know that you want
to find leverage to tie Nero
and the Sons
to your school shooting.
But I'm sorry, ma'am,
he did not kill Erin Byrne.
We won't know that
until we get the DNA.
That could take days.
All we know right now
is that Toric was on medication.
He liked to live germ-free,
and he discharged a weapon.
Padilla gets processed.
Murder charge sticks.
Hey.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY ON SPEAKERS]
You tell me
what the hell that was today?
Was kind of just doing it
before I even realized
what was going on.
You don't have
anything to prove, Juice.
We're good.
Yeah.
Not sure Chibs
feels the same way.
Ah. I'm guessing he'll be healed
by the time your face is.
[PHONE RINGING]
No more cowboy shit.
Sure. Okay.
Hey, babe.
TARA [OVER PHONE]: Hi.
How'd it go with the baby?
The ultrasound was fine.
Thank God.
TARA: Yeah.
You know this one's a girl,
right?
Why do you say that?
JAX:
I just got a feeling.
She's gonna be strong
and beautiful like her mom.
Yeah. Maybe.
JAX:
How's Abel doing?
TARA:
His appetite's back.
How's it going there?
Good. Good.
I let everyone know
we're out of guns.
What our plans are.
They all get it.
Every charter's on board.
That's great.
Hi.
TARA: Hey, Lowen just arrived.
JAX: Okay.
Get home safe.
Yeah. I will.
I love you.
Me too.
Bye.
You're here early.
I got a call
from the DA's office.
Patterson wants to meet,
offer you some sort of deal.
When?
Now. She's on her way here.
Well, I don't need a deal.
We have a plan.
You have a plan for Jax,
for the boys, for Wendy.
You need a plan for Tara.
Let's hear
what she has to say.
Okay.
BOBBY:
I'm glad I came.
That was some powerful stuff
in there.
Thanks.
I see you posse'd up.
That your Nomad crew?
I guess that's the buzz
around the charters.
We gossip
more than teenage girls.
That your transfer?
Not mine.
Quinn, Montez and West.
Hopper got spooked
by the explosion.
He's out.
You've been recruiting
for Samcro?
Yeah.
We'll ride back with you.
Club can vote on it
when we get to Charming.
[CHUCKLES]
I ripped that flash off
because I didn't know how
to help you that way anymore.
I hand-picked these guys because
they're loyal, they're smart,
they got families,
they're hard-working,
and their priorities
are in the right place.
It's exactly
what this charter needs.
This ain't no kind
of power grab.
I got no interest
in the gavel or a new patch.
It's because I love this club.
And I love you.
[CHUCKLES]
TYNE:
I'm aware Toric
made a run at you in county.
I'm sorry if his methods
were questionable,
but he was not working for me
at the time.
But you both want
the same thing.
Tara.
TYNE: Toric wanted vengeance.
I want justice.
The process to get to those
two things might feel the same,
but the motivation
is very different.
Like when you gave
Otto Delaney the crucifix.
I don't believe your motivation
was vengeance.
TARA:
We're not here to discuss
the alleged details.
Do you have something
to offer or not?
The doctor
already knows my offer.
A loving mother
for a dangerous husband.
What's best for the boys?
This is bullshit.
When you have something real,
put it in writing.
You're not really going to jail
for him? Leave your children?
Don't answer. We're done.
I love my husband.
TYNE:
Tara.
I know who he is
and what he does.
Then you know it's not you
who deserves to be in jail.
Full immunity for the proof
of the gun running.
It's the only offer you'll get.
[DOOR CLOSES]
LOWEN: Are you okay?
Yeah.
I need you to think about
that offer, Tara.
I know how much you love Jax--
No, you don't.
[SIGHS]
The betrayal of love
has boundaries,
ones that I have to live with.
I don't need
to think about an offer.
Okay.
[R&B MUSIC PLAYING
QUIETLY ON RADIO]
Hey, Gem.
♪ It's unbelievable ♪
Did you see Nero?
Yeah.
How is he?
On his way to county.
[SIGHS]
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, but he ain't
gonna be there long.
We just gotta help Jax
to keep this place
up and running
till he gets out.
Okay?
I know.
Anything
I can help you with?
Yeah. Friend of Nero's
came in looking for him.
Seemed pretty upset.
I didn't know
what I should tell her.
Said she wanted to wait,
so I put her in his room.
One of Nero's girls?
Um...
Yes and no.
Hey, Aaron.
How are you?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[WATER RUNNING]
[DOOR OPENS]
Oh, I'm so sorry, darling,
if you're looking for Nero,
he's not back yet.
Wow.
Oh...
Yes. At the very least. Heh.
[VENUS CHUCKLES]
Thank you, Gem.
Sure.
I knew Nero had himself
a new lady,
I just didn't realize
she was so substantial.
[CHUCKLES]
Yeah, that's me.
The substantial one.
Heh.
[SIGHS]
That's much better.
Here, I'll take it.
Thank you.
Darling, I am so sorry to hear
about Nero's incarceration.
I know him. That man would
never raise a hand to a woman.
No, I know.
What's your connection?
To Nero. How do you know him?
Oh, it was from another life,
darling.
Before the...?
The transformation?
Oh, um...
Yes.
Back in the days of young
Vincent Noone. Heh.
My darling mother, Alice,
was one of Nero's best, um,
street performers.
Unfortunately,
her ability to drain semen
from the front seat
of a parked car
far exceeded her ability
to raise a boy of
questionable orientation.
I was, uh, 15
when Miss Alice checked into
the North Cali Women's Facility
for an extended holiday.
Nero was the one
who took me in,
kept the wolves
from my door.
He never asked me
for anything.
He was, uh,
my guardian angel.
Hmm.
What's this?
More wolves at your door?
Oh. I, uh...
I'm afraid I ran smack
into a low-hanging branch
of my gnarled family tree.
Uh--
I didn't quite know
where to go.
And before I knew it,
I was, uh--
I was here.
Come here.
You're safe.
You are safe here.
Come on. Come on.
[SOBBING]
All right. Me and Hap.
Rest of you guys stay close.
Montez. Watch the bikes.
[BELL RINGS]
[BELL RINGING]
Enough!
[JAX LAUGHS]
We're closed.
Hey. An Eden cop told me
to give you this.
What kind of car is it?
Agh! Shit!
You alone?
Yeah.
All right, keys.
[PAGONE GRUNTING]
Come on.
I got him. I got him.
Come here, you. Come here.
Tiggy?
TIG: Yeah.
Find Juice's bike.
TIG: All right.
[PAGONE GRUNTS]
This okay with you, Mom?
Blow me, boy.
Hey. Hey.
That's my bike.
CHIBS: Hey!
JAX: Juice!
Hey, hey, hey, come on.
Hey, hey, hey.
He ain't right.
That's new.
Yeah.
TIG: Jax.
You gotta see this
in the garage, man.
Oh, snap.
I checked the stickers.
They're brand-new.
All of them
are going to Bernacchi Harley
in Butte County, Jax.
CHIBS:
Wow.
What do you wanna do, boss?
What you're supposed to do
when you find
stolen merchandise:
Call the police.
[CHUCKLES]
Sorry, no deal. All right?
Understood.
Thank you.
Time to go 'hood, sister.
Tell your lawyer I'll be moving
up the trial date three weeks.
And I'll be prosecuting
the case myself.
See you in court, doctor.
PLYMPTON:
Pagone?
What the hell's going on?
P.J.!
PAGONE: In here.
Shit.
JAX:
No need for guns, boys.
We're all friends now.
They made me call you.
JAX:
Yes, we did.
We also took pictures
of all these vehicles.
Just in case we need to return
them to their rightful owners.
TIG:
Did you know
that these are the bikes
that you said were stolen,
and we found them all here?
I mean, how crazy is that?
What do you want?
First of all,
leaving all this shit here?
That's just stupid and lazy.
BOBBY:
You know, if you're gonna go
outlaw, boys, use half a brain.
I mean, you're making us
all look bad.
Which one do you want,
Juicy?
This one is good.
JAX:
He's gonna take
Liberace's bike.
Don't worry, we'll change
the numbers ourselves.
What I need you to do
is make sure
that none of the shit
that happened today
comes back to bite us
in the ass.
Or all of this
goes very public.
Okay. Yeah.
And...
I need you both to apologize
to all my guys
for your behavior today.
You gotta be kidding me.
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
Do you think I'm kidding?
[♪♪♪]
Sorry for my behavior today.
Yeah.
[LAUGHING]
It is good to be back.
TOFER:
Sorry for my behavior today.
Sorry for my behavior
today.
Sorry for my behavior--
Get home safe.
[ENGINES ROARING]
[♪♪♪]